## Indoor Position Deep Learning Prediction Model Using Pseudo-Real Images by GauGAN as Training Data
In spatial information, Image Matching is an image processing technology widely used in digital photogrammetry. It uses semi-automatic or automatic procedures to match corresponding target positions in images to establish a geometric correlation between images. Its application covers geometric Calibration, image stitching and model reconstruction, etc. For traditional indoor positioning methods, most of them use image matching to obtain their spatial relationship through the difference between matching points. Through the matching function between 2D images, the camera parameters can be inferred and then obtained from the 2D images. 3D information, and establish the corresponding relationship between 2D and 3D, and then calculate its positioning position. However, unlike image matching, in deep learning, image recognition is based on neural networks. In addition to identifying objects in images for classification, image recognition can also be used for semantic annotation in 
images, among which spatial information is the most important. Related, indoor localization based on convolutional neural networks.
Indoor positioning is to locate multiple images and train the model in a neural network-like way so that the neural network can learn the relationship between the image and the positioning coordinates, and then learn the indoor positioning results. When training this model, like most of the difficulties encountered in deep learning, how to obtain and expand the data set is the biggest problem. In indoor positioning, because a large number of indoor images are used as training materials, it is very labor-intensive and time-consuming, and under special circumstances, it is impossible to obtain a large number of images in the field. Photography, or the structural relationship of the field, cannot be exposed to sunlight, etc., and clear images cannot be obtained.
In order to solve this dilemma, this research intends to use the model produced by Unity, and use the image capture of each position in the model to be regarded as the image in the field, and make the image through the transfer learning of the GauGAN model, so that the image is transformed from the form of illustration. It is a fake real image to achieve the simulation effect of the real image in the field, and then use this fake real image for indoor positioning model training. In addition, the training results of this model and indoor positioning training using images in the real field are compared and studied. The experiment will take a single building as an example of the Department of Surveying and Spatial Informatics, National Cheng Kung University. The building has a simple structure and no special organization or design, so the impact factor of the building itself is minimized.
